---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: "E4: "
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2023-11-27
published: true
labels:
  - E4
---

<h2>My programming skills have greatly improved in the following ways: </h2><br>
I've definitely gained a lot in terms of understanding the logic behind certain coding principles compared to when I was just starting out. 
Additionally, combining these concepts and principles together to create one big cohesive program is something that I thought I could've never done had I not taken this class. <br>
<h2>I need to work on the following to improve my programming skills:</h2> <br>
Although I have a decent understanding of how these different files interact with each other, I could definitely use a lot of work in terms of understanding the syntax of both HTML and JavaScript.<br>
<h2>I have learned a lot from doing WODs and I can do them without copying the screencast:</h2><br>
If there's anything that has helped me in my coding journey, it has been because of the WODs. <br>
<h2>The labs have help me learn and I am able to complete them with confidence:</h2><br>
While the WODs have helped to reinforce my experiential learning, the labs have been essential in helping me understand from a conceptual standpoint and sort of breaking the mold when it comes to introducing new topics. <br> 
<h2>I learned a lot from my experience doing Assignment 1 and feel ready to work on Assignment 2:</h2><br>
Seeing as I now have a fully functional template that I can build upon, Assignment 2 shouldn't be too rough.<br>
<h2>I think the class can be improved to help my learning in the following ways:</h2><br>
Although the WODs, labs, and readings and all that have great for my learning, if I came in as a complete beginner, it could've been even more rough had I not had prior knowledge of code. 
Unfortunately, coding isn't really something that you can just learn by reading. As such, I would probably suggest implementing optional practice assignments that have you code something that is somewhat aligned with whatever we're doing in class that week.<br>
<h2>What helps me the most in class are (WODs, Labs, class website, screencasts, readings, quizzes, one on one help, working with classmates, etc.):</h2><br>
As previously mentioned, all of these learning implements have definitely helped me not only for the class assignments but for my understanding of coding as a whole. 
I've been treating the readings and labs as an introductory tool to kind of help me get settled and comfortable with a certain topic. 
After that I use the WODs as a way of testing and applying my knowledge and really seeing how much of the material I retained.
